<!-- This file was generated by the script. Do not edit it, any changes will be lost! -->

## loadScript(file [, mode], [,env])



Load a Lua script file. This is similar to Lua's own loadfile() API method,  but it uses
OpenTx's optional pre-compilation feature to (possibly) save memory and time during load.

  Note that you will get an error if you specify "b" or "t" and that specific version of the file does not exist (eg. no .luac file when "b" is used).
  Also note that mode is NOT passed on to Lua's loader function, so unlike with loadfile() the actual file content is not checked (as if no mode or "bt" were passed to loadfile()).

@returns Same as from Lua API loadfile() method.
  If the script was loaded w/out errors then the loaded script (or "chunk") is returned as a function;
  Otherwise, returns nil plus the error message

@usage
  fun, err = loadScript("/SCRIPTS/FUNCTIONS/print.lua")
  if (fun ~= nil) then
     fun("Hello from loadScript()")
  else
     print(err)
  end

@status current Introduced in 2.2.0


#### Parameters

* `file` (string) Full path and file name of script. The file extension is optional and ignored (see "mode" param to control
  which extension will be used). However, if an extension is specified, it should be ".lua" (or ".luac"), otherwise it is treated
  as part of the file name and the .lua/.luac will be appended to that.

* `mode` (string) (optional) Controls whether to force loading the text (.lua) or binary (.luac, that is, a pre-compiled file)
  version of the script. By default OTx will load the newest version and compile a new binary if necessary (overwriting any
  existing .luac version of the same script, and stripping some debug info like line numbers). You can use this to bypass the automatic
  script version check and set specific compilation options in OpenTx.
    Possible values are:
      "b" only binary.
      "t" only text.
      "T" (default on simulator) prefer text but load binary if that is the only version available.
      "bt" (default on radio) either binary or text, whichever is newer (binary preferred when timestamps are equal).
      Add "x" to avoid automatic compilation of source file to .luac version.
        Eg: "tx", "bx", or "btx".
      Add "c" to force compilation of source file to .luac version (even if existing version is newer than source file).
        Eg: "tc" or "btc" (forces "t", overrides "x").
      Add "d" to keep extra debug info in the compiled binary.
        Eg: "td", "btd", or "tcd" (no effect with just "b" or with "x").

* `env` (integer) See documentation for Lua function loadfile().



#### Return value

none

