<!-- This file was generated by the script. Do not edit it, any changes will be lost! -->

## setTelemetryValue(id, subID, instance, value [, unit [, precision [, name]]])



@status current Introduced in 2.2.0


#### Parameters

* `id` Id of the sensor, valid range is from 0 to 0xFFFF

* `subID` subID of the sensor, usually 0, valid range is from 0 to 7

* `instance` instance of the sensor (SensorID), valid range is from 0 to 0xFF

* `value` fed to the sensor

* `unit` unit of the sensor.
 * `0 or not present` UNIT_RAW.
 * `!= 0` Valid values are 1 (UNIT_VOLTS), 2 (UNIT_AMPS), 3 (UNIT_MILLIAMPS),
 4 (UNIT_KTS), 5 (UNIT_METERS_PER_SECOND), 6 (UNIT_FEET_PER_SECOND), 7 (UNIT_KMH), 8 (UNIT_MPH), 9 (UNIT_METERS),
 10 (UNIT_FEET), 11 (UNIT_CELSIUS), 12 (UNIT_FAHRENHEIT), 13 (UNIT_PERCENT), 14 (UNIT_MAH), 15 (UNIT_WATTS),
 16 (UNIT_MILLIWATTS), 17 (UNIT_DB), 18 (UNIT_RPMS), 19 (UNIT_G), 20 (UNIT_DEGREE), 21 (UNIT_RADIANS),
 22 (UNIT_MILLILITERS), 23 (UNIT_FLOZ), 24 (UNIT_HOURS), 25 (UNIT_MINUTES), 26 (UNIT_SECONDS), 27 (UNIT_CELLS),
 28 (UNIT_DATETIME), 29 (UNIT_GPS), 30 (UNIT_BITFIELD), 31 (UNIT_TEXT)

* `precision` the precision of the sensor
 * `0 or not present` no decimal precision.
 * `!= 0` value is divided by 10^precision, e.g. value=1000, prec=2 => 10.00.

* `name` (string) Name of the sensor if it does not yet exist (4 chars).
 * `not present` Name defaults to the Id.
 * `present` Sensor takes name of the argument. Argument must have name surrounded by quotes: e.g., "Name"



#### Return value

* `true,` if the sensor was just added. In this case the value is ignored (subsequent call will set the value)



##### Notice
All three parameters `id`, `subID` and `instance` can't be zero at the same time. At least one of them
must be different from zero.


